
insert introduction that makes sense here lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum
lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem
ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum
lorem ipsum llorem ipsum orem ipsum lorem ipsum 



Backend Integrations with Spark, Flink, H2O
===========================================

lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem
ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum
lorem ipsum llorem ipsum orem ipsum lorem ipsum 


Apache Samsara
==============

lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem
ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum
lorem ipsum llorem ipsum orem ipsum lorem ipsum 


Remember to mention Multi-Modal Recommender based on Mahout-Samsara in PredictionIO


Major Linear Algebra performance enhancements
==============================================

lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem
ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum
lorem ipsum llorem ipsum orem ipsum lorem ipsum 


Shiny new graphs: Visualization and plotting with Apache Zeppelin
=================================================================

lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem
ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum lorem ipsum
lorem ipsum llorem ipsum orem ipsum lorem ipsum 


Learn more: Books and conferences
=================================

If you want to know more about Apache Samsara without having to dig through the
codebase alone check out the new Apache Mahout: Beyond MapReduce book here:
http://www.weatheringthroughtechdays.com/2016/02/mahout-samsara-book-is-out.html

If you prefer learning more through a video check out the Apache Big Data talks
as recorded here: TODO TODO TODO TODO


Apache Mahout is an Apache Software Foundation project that provides a
comprehensive toolkit for machine learning at scale: Running on top of Apache
Spark, H2O, Apache Flink, and Scala it ships with a wide variety of ready to
use machine learning algorithms. For those that need implementations to fit
their custom needs it provides an extensible programming environment as well as
Samsara - a vector math rapid prototyping environment with R-like syntax.


